{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf330
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10500\viewh9400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
-- the novaphone\
\
his grand and complicated magical (blessed) organ can travel in the galaxy.\
it is made of junk parts from things given to him. each part has sentimental value. (karma)\
he lands it on a planet , and this is head quarters. he can return here with parts he found,\
  new items to mix in the lab, save and heal.\
there is a lot of traveling back to novaphone, many items need to be analyzed\
nova has everything he needs to live a long life of peace inside novaphone.\
how it was created, revealed in pieces during game, of nova's past:\
  during a great mission, partners and friends he thought he trusted has turned on him\
  so easily. he was left with nothing and stranded in a barren junk planet. he started to build a\
  home here, with junk parts. he was later able to make it travel on land, where he found other\
  people. he was doing services for the good and not for the bad, helping others -- in this way\
  his home became greater exponentially and was able to travel in space soon. when he was\
  first abandoned in the barren wasteland area, he spent 3 years and 3 months in solitude.\
\
\
-- the lab\
\
in it there is a lab for making various potions, concotions both bad and good\
here many items are made, like fire attack bombs, regular bombs, even bullets.\
it also works with metal and can make some special parts for upgrades and progress.\
\
}